User management for local development (#1455)
serlo/api.serlo.org: README.md

## Changelog

Via filtering PRs by [`base:production`](https://github.com/serlo/api.serlo.org/pulls?q=is%3Apr+base%3Aproduction+) you can access the changelog of production.

## Developing with Ory Kratos

We use Ory Kratos for our user management.
Usually you won't need it, but if you do, run first:

`yarn start:kratos`

> In folder `./kratos` you will all important configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the folder `./kratos` you find all important configuration files.
```

Emails sent by Kratos are going to be found at `http://localhost:4436`.

For more info about it see its [documentation](https://www.ory.sh/docs/kratos).

### Integrating Keycloak

First of all add `nbp` as host  
`sudo bash -c "echo '127.0.0.1	nbp'" >> /etc/hosts`

> _why do I need it? Kratos makes a request to the url of the oauth2 provider, but since its running inside a container, it can't easily use host port. nbp is a dns that is discoverable for the kratos container, so the host can use it also._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_why do I need it? Kratos makes a request to the url of the oauth2 provider, but since it is running inside a container, it cannot easily use the host port. nbp is a dns that is discoverable for the kratos container, so the host can also use it._
```
